Core concepts - Minor changes (#1)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/platforms/installing-magento2.md

## Getting Started

> Install and configure Magento shop to proceed with Deity Adaptor installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and configure your Magento 2 shop to proceed with Deity Module installation
```

### Prerequisites

> Deity Magento module is compatible with Magento version 2.2. CE and EE versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DEITY Magento module is compatible with Magento version 2.2. CE and EE versions.
```

Full scale support of versions 2.0.* and 2.1.* is not our priority.

> However if you encounter an issue running with magento version lower than 2.2 feel free

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However if you encounter an issue running with Magento version lower than 2.2 feel free
```

### Installing

> Installing deity magento module is similar to installing any module for Magento 2 platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing DEITY Magento 2 Module is similar to installing any module for the Magento 2 platform
```

```bash
composer require deity/falcon-magento 1.0.2
bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

> When the module is setup, create one extra magento admin user for Deity Falcon to connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the module is setup, create one extra magento admin user for DEITY Falcon to connect
```

```bash
bin/magento admin:user:create \
  --admin-user='your-admin-username' \
  --admin-password='your-admin-password' \
  --admin-email='admin@deity.test' \
  --admin-firstname='node' \
  --admin-lastname='Deity'
```

## Documentation

> Check out integration documentation for the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the integration documentation for the module.
```

[Integration_notes.md](docs/Integration_notes.md)

## Versioning

> We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon-magento2-module/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SemVer](http://semver.org/) is used for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon-magento2-module/tags).
```
